PMM-7: document pmm-update custom build process (#1565)
percona/pmm: docs/managed/update-process.md

**Notes**
- `pmm-update` does not handle rollbacks in case of errors
- `pmm-update` requires root priveleges to run

## Testing a custom pmm-update build

When making changes to `pmm-update`, you can test if they work in the following way:

1. Install an older version of PMM Server to trigger an option to upgrade. This can be achieved either by:
    1. Installing an older version or
    2. Enabling experimental repo which already has an RC build available. Run these commands in the docker container:
        ```sh
        sed -i -e 's^/release/^/experimental/^' /etc/yum.repos.d/pmm2-server.repo
        percona-release enable percona experimental
        yum makecache
        ```
2. Create a new rpm package with the updated `pmm-update`. Refer to [Building RPM package](#building-rpm-package) section below.
3. Copy the rpm package and enable the `local` repo. The `local` repo is available in the container by default and points to `/tmp/RPMS`.
    ```sh
    mkdir -p /tmp/RPMS
    cp </path/to/pmm-update.rpm> /tmp/RPMS
    createrepo /tmp/RPMS/
    yum-config-manager --enable local
    ```
    
    The rpm file is usually in `/root/rpmbuild/RPMS/pmm-update/noarch/`

> 4. You can now trigger an update in the UI and it shall properly install the latest `pmm-update` package

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. You can now trigger an update in the UI and it will install the latest `pmm-update` package
```

## Building RPM package

All steps are performed in the docker container.

1. Install dependencies
    ```sh
    yum install -y \
        make gcc wget curl \

>         rpmdevtools createrepo rpm-build yum-utils

Reviewer 2: As I can see you are not using rpmdevtools in this instruction so we can work without it.

Author: The `rpmdevtools` provides `spectool` for the command on line 63.
